welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
[Music]
business
welcome back to a fresh episode of sam's
business growth
show i'm humbled and very very excited
to be joined by the sales legend that is
scott
ingram today scott is the host of the
sales success
stories and daily sales tips podcasts
he's the author of two books
self-success stories
and b2b sales mentors he's also a quota
carrying sales professional
working for the professional services
company relationships won
as an account director scott lives with
his wife and two daughters in austin
texas
where he'll be hosting the third cell
success summit on october 12th
and 13th scott a very warm welcome my
friend how are you doing
great to be here sam thanks for having
me no worries dude so excited to jump in
and um there's a few main things we want
to cover as always on the show
so be good i know you've hammered out
your story on quite a few podcasts so if
you get a quick high level overview of
your story up to now
and then we'll jump into the meaty stuff
so we want to learn your top
sales business growth and marketing tips
so actual
insights for everyone that's tuning in
in terms of how they can generate more
pipeline
how they can get more deals done and how
they can actually bring in some more
opportunities so
yeah learning a bit more about this
there's plenty of us to talk about with
your podcast with your live events and
with the work you're doing in terms of
marketing right now
um but if you give us a quick background
on yourself before we jump into that
that'd be great please scott
yeah absolutely so i have really kind of
vacillated back and forth between more
entrepreneurial things
and more truly sales uh
specific roles so i started my first
company when i was 20 years old company
called gray matter technologies
uh this was long before breaking bad but
that was kind of a fun surprise i'd sold
the company i had no association with
it by the time i i tripped upon that
little that little nugget
that was in southern california and then
gosh 15 16 years ago
we moved to austin and uh in
austin i started an organization called
network in austin so it was a
business networking organization and
kind of business community that happened
around that
but ultimately went into true
traditional sales roles initially
working with adp so i worked in their
major accounts division
selling payroll and hr solutions to kind
of mid-market
companies here locally and then really
got into
the marketing technology space that i've
been in for probably the last
dozen years uh worked with two companies
that went public first with bizarre
voice
then with eloqua uh after we went public
at eloqua we were a public company for
one whole quarter we did
one earnings call and then oracle came
calling and gave us a
close to a billion dollars oh wow and i
became
yeah i overnight became an oracle
employee
which is something that i i tolerated
for six or seven months but i'm a much
more
you know small company nimble kind of
guy working for an organization that
large wasn't
quite the right fit for me but today i
still work in that space and i
i joke that i'm as close as i can be to
eloqua without having to work
for oracle and i work for a professional
services firm that works with oracle
marketing cloud clients so most of my
clients
are large fortune 500
marketing organizations that are
leveraging kind of the oracle marketing
cloud
suite of of tools and then about three
and a half years ago
really started this passion project side
hustle
uh that started with the sales success
stories podcast and and that's a show
where you know there's a lot of sales
podcasts out there but what was missing
for me
and i've i've been a consummate consumer
of sales content for years right i've
read all the books i've
you know watched tons of webinars and
all this all this stuff
what was missing for me was i want to
hear from the people that are doing the
very best
right now in this in this very moment
which is becoming even more
uh relevant these days i think with all
that's happening in the world so i
only interview number one and top one
percent
individual contributors so they have to
be carrying a quota
they have to be in that role selling
today having extraordinary levels of
success and we go super deep i mean
those are
those are very long uh episodes and and
that's kind of the reason that i started
the opposite show
uh now about a year and a half ago in
daily sales tips because i realized the
two best things about sales success
stories
are also the two worst things about it
so one my criteria is ridiculous
so every now and then i'll come across
somebody really cool
that i would love to talk to on the
podcast but they don't meet the criteria
because they're a ceo or
or they're doing something else and
they're not in that type of a role
and that was really why i created daily
sales tips and it's
much much shorter uh you know those my
average episode on sale success story is
probably gosh 90 minutes i mean we
really go
deep uh daily sales tips is probably
five minutes or less
on on average so really quick hits
really hard hitting
uh nuggets and and all of that has been
uh
just a a ton of fun and then you know
all the other stuff that's spun out of
that so we we do this annual event
uh there have been books that we've been
producing my
one of the other projects i did earlier
this year that's been fascinating
is i i built uh some some
assets and some content and just pulled
together some top tips from
folks on linkedin who are doing
incredible things
and we call those our our linkedin sales
stars
uh so it's it's been it's been quite an
adventure and and for me
it's been you know the relationships
i've built and the mentors i've been
able to gain through
all of those conversations and all of
this community building work
has made me such a stronger
sales professional and it also allows me
to
kind of exercise my inner marketing
demons
and and play with and experiment with a
lot of different
things as i as i work to grow the
podcasts and grow the community and grow
these events and all these things that
we're doing so it's it's just
it's super fun i still get to kind of
scratch that entrepreneurial itch that i
continue to have i'm a very itchy guy
from from that perspective
uh but but still love my my traditional
uh
sales roles so it's it's the best of all
worlds awesome man it sounds like you're
very very busy running all these
different platforms all this content
going out so you must be non-stop
pretty much pretty much there's there's
a process for all of that for danger
that's it cool so love that you're
you're involved in sales you're involved
in marketing so i'm sure there's plenty
of us to discuss
um and as we are saying just before we
start recording we talked about how we
can
build effective relationships through
this content and through meeting people
on the podcast
um so what our audience are keen to know
scott is what's working for you in terms
of
what's generating pipeline for your main
business um in terms of sales
um as well as your other businesses so
perhaps we could start with that
in terms of the channels that you're
utilizing both from a digital
perspective
and maybe offline perspective if there
is some as well
yeah the this is i'm actually really
excited to talk about this because i
don't know that i've i've really spoken
about it publicly very much but it's
again it's such an interesting place
that i'm in
because i get the direct experience from
everything so as you said i mean there's
a ton of content going out
between the podcasts i'm obviously on
other shows like yours so i'm
on other podcasts we're doing webinars
we're doing all of this stuff and
and i'm leveraging linkedin and we've
got an email list and so there's regular
communications going through with that
i think that what's interesting to me is
i i really from a direct response
perspective
i think that piece is really hard like
getting people to take an action to
throw money at you through pure
marketing
i i don't i'm not good enough at it
right to get people to say yep i've seen
your stuff
here's a thousand dollars to come attend
your event
however i i think the value of building
a
brand and more specifically building a
personal brand i think it's much
easier to build a brand as an individual
than it is to build a company brand
because it's just the way that we
interact like i don't
actually interact with a company i
i know people right and i want to
understand them i want to know their
lives i want to know their background
like that's how we as humans connect
so i think in a lot of ways it's easier
to build that personal brand
if you'll put it out there right so it's
it's this idea of understanding well
where are
your customers right what are the
platforms that they live on
obviously these days it's it's we're
we're really focused on the online
platforms we
because we're not going to the events
and the conferences and and things that
that we used to um but then it's it's
so that helps with that awareness
and that sense of knowing especially i
think a podcast is
such an incredibly powerful tool because
i'm literally in somebody's head we
are in your listener's head right now
for the next 30 40 minutes whatever it's
it's going to be right that's a very
intimate thing you hear my voice you
hear my inflection you hear my passion
um and and that means something i i
think right that that's so much more
than what you could ever do
by visiting my website by by even you
know looking at my linkedin profile
although i
still think that that's kind of a
powerful tool but the point of all this
is
i find it much easier and and the the
tip in all of this
is pick up the phone and talk to people
okay right because i can send what i
think is a pretty damn compelling email
and say hey you gotta come join us at
this event and you've gotta get
get engaged in this way and like yeah
okay
maybe a few people will respond i mean
similar
fairly very small percentages but if
i'll pick up the phone and have a
conversation with somebody
i i go from probably less than one
percent conversion to closer to 50
conversion that's a massive difference
it's 50 times or maybe even more
effective from that perspective and
there's not much more going on
it's just that human human connection
and it's just that
i'm individually personally
understanding sam what's going on in
your world and how this is going to
apply
and how we can connect the dots and how
we can make this work and then it's just
kind of no-brainer right and and it's
it's amazing to me how many people
i'll have that conversation with who
said you know yeah i've been thinking
about this
it's on their mind but it's just that
final little push
because we all have so many things
coming at us there's so many
things on our to-do list that we know we
ought to do
but it's gonna take an effort and
there's and you know something's always
gonna pop up so at the end of the day
to me that's the difference between
sales and marketing
you know sales is so required for that
that final kind of red zone final 10
yards
we just we have to ask we just have to
we just have to make the ask we just
have to have to have the conversation um
to to bring this together and so that's
that's kind of on the sales success side
during my day job working with
with large enterprise organizations it's
the same thing but it's having those
conversations
with many more stakeholders and just
understanding
what what in this is important to you
right and and understanding all of those
individual agendas and how that
impacts the department and the overall
business goals and the things that
they're trying to accomplish
professionally personally all those all
those different things it
at the end of the day it comes down to
you got to be human
you got to have a conversation and
that's what drives business
awesome man so we've covered a lot there
so we started with personal building a
personal brand
so have you got any tips scott on people
that have just started doing this or
people aren't even sure what that
actually means
on how you can get stuck into building a
personal brand does that mean just going
on linkedin or you did mention go on the
platforms your buyers are on
so i guess if you're in b2b selling of
your products business business and
linkedin may be the one
um you will also mention podcasts but do
we have to start a podcast do we have to
be on linkedin to really maximize
ourselves and maximize our pipeline for
new business yeah a great great very
nuanced question
we could talk about that for the next
hour and i i have been having those
those conversations here here recently
you know let me let me try and simplify
this a a little bit
i think that we can make
personal branding way too big and and
two um just too much and and
two multi-faceted in a way that's gonna
keep us in fear and keep us from
starting i i think the key is and one of
the
the guiding books uh that has really
informed my thinking around this
um is a book called content inc and
content inc was written by joe pulitzi
joe started the content marketing
institute
ran that organization for about five
years and then sold it for
many millions of dollars i don't
remember what what the number was
and content inc was really his playbook
and it's
it's actually quite simple and at the
core of it it's really this idea that
so many businesses fail because they
start with an idea like i'm gonna build
this product
and then i'm gonna go try and sell the
product after i've
created it and and they fail because
they don't really have an audience they
don't even have anybody to sell that
product to
and it may even not even be the right
fit and what the market needs and so
joe's idea is let's turn that around and
first build an
audience and once you've built that
audience
then let's ask the audience what they
need what they want and create that
and if you create that well your
audience is probably going to buy it
they're the ones that told you so your
odds of success are much much
higher so that's that's part of the core
premise
of the book in terms of building that
audience
it's really about finding
the type of content the type of thing
that fits you
and having a unique he calls it a
content tilt
right so my content tilt with sales
success stories
is this idea that i'm only going to
interview active
individual contributors who are at the
top of their game nobody else is doing
that still nobody else is doing that
which blows my mind i'm surprised
um and so that's this unique angle and
and then he also suggests you choose one
platform one medium don't try and be
on twitter and instagram and linkedin
and youtube and everywhere like no
pick one where are you going to focus
right so for me that was the podcast
because for me it's it was the right
medium it's super intimate we get to
have these really deep conversations and
then i'm able to repurpose that
into other platforms but the the core
place for me
is the is the podcast so i think as
people are listening to this
and processing that for themselves it's
what what's my unique perspective
right what do i want my brand to be what
do i want to be
known for and and the definition i
typically use in this is
what what do other people say about you
when you're not in the room
that's your brand that's what that's
what you're known for
right so once you have that okay
what is that primary channel going to be
and if you're in b2b linkedin might be
the
the ideal platform but i think a lot of
that is again
let's talk to people let's have
conversations let's figure out where
they
are right and it makes sense to be where
they are and it makes sense to be in a
place
that you're really passionate about and
interested in
right i'm not a super visual
photography image driven guy so
why would i ever try and like crush it
on pinterest or
instagram like that that's a that
doesn't make sense so you you need to
kind of look at that alignment figure
out
what am i good at what is the right
medium where are my people
and find that that right confluence and
where all of those things connect
and and then and then go in right now
you've got a really nice
narrow focus you've got a good niche you
understand who your audience is
and and then i think from there it's
just about
patience and consistency like this does
not happen
overnight i mean it really is
we've probably heard the the saying that
most overnight success stories take 10
years
yeah i think that's so true i i think
you've got to sort of figure out like
what can i commit to
that i could do consistently for 10
years
so for me on on daily sales tips that's
3 600 episodes
okay game on awesome dude so
yeah that's that's some really good
points so just driving at home
understanding where your audience is who
your audience is
and i like the like the second point
that you said about having a content
tilt so having an angle that's you're
passionate about and it's going to work
for you so in your case there's podcasts
probably mine as well as well as doing a
bit of video
um but understanding i guess what's
what's going to work for you
and then that brings us into just homing
in on one platform
um rather than looking at many and many
i guess spreading yourself too thin
if you're trying to look at all these
different channels trying to put out all
this content each and every day
well and every platform has its own
nuance and to do it well
you know takes work to kind of figure
out
what are the algorithms in play how do
you really optimize this how do you make
this
work and and that's why linkedin is sort
of my become my secondary platform
and that's why i went so deep with the
linkedin sales stars
uh process and i'll i'll share with your
listeners if they just go to top1.fm
there's a link at the top of that page
for the linkedin sales stars piece and
there's
uh there's a free pdf with 108 tips from
36 linkedin sales stars and
again it's for me that the personal
brand is
pulling out content from the people that
are executing on these things at the
highest levels
so i found the folks who are doing the
best on linkedin right driving the
highest levels of
of engagement and and that pdf it's not
even gated
you don't even need to give me your
email address to go to go see that it's
just out there
nice dude and i've got a friend that
keeps bugging me that he's in the list
and he's like when are you going to get
it and sam say
maybe next year we'll just we'll make
sure you're you're on the evaluation
list and i i tell folks it's
it's fortunately thank god i set it up
this way because i created my own
algorithm to measure that
and it is totally numbers based
right it's it's not because you lobbied
me the most or you sent me
wonderful gifts um that's not
discouraged but it won't help you at all
uh it's it's just purely by the numbers
which again i'm really glad that i did
it that way otherwise it probably would
have caused problems for myself in the
community
that's it that's it cool man and then
finally once you've chosen that one
platform so
playing the long game being consistent
um and like you said having a 10-year
plan making sure you're comfortable
doing it for the next 10 years or so
cool
okay um so what might be interesting
which we also talked about
pre-discussion is about
relationship building which i'm guessing
has contributed to business development
for yourself building up sales pipeline
and getting deals done
and so it could be useful to talk about
how
podcasting has helped that in terms of
building new relationships or other
platforms have helped you to
build useful relationships in sales and
marketing yeah
a thousand percent so i'm gonna mention
another book and fortunately other
people have kind of written my playbooks
here so content inc really
guided me and i was kind of already down
the path but it really helped solidify
some of some of my thinking and codify
things
then james carberry came along and wrote
i was like oh my god this is what i've
been doing this is amazing
so james wrote a book called called
content-based networking
and you know the conversation we had at
the beginning especially from a
podcasting perspective or a youtube
channel or anything else
it is really really hard to
build a really meaningful audience and
to grow
that type of a of a show and i i think
as
more and more of these things
proliferate i mean i maintain a list
of every sale active sales podcast i can
find
and we're due for an update i'll do one
here in the next couple of weeks
there are literally over 200 shows on
that list right so how do you compete
in that space and my answer is you don't
if if you're focused on that you're
thinking about this wrong
the real power in these things is the
relationships you can build
through these conversations that you
have right i mean sam before you reached
out to me
if i'm honest i didn't know really know
who you were
um and had you reached out to me and
said scott i
i want to have uh you know can we set up
a 30-minute call a 15-minute call i want
to talk to you about web choice
your odds are are crap
0.001 i imagine yeah exactly but if but
if you ask me to come on your podcast
here we are
we're going to talk for an hour and i
tell people the magic happens
before and after you hit the record
button because what happens with me
especially on so i have a third show
because i
love podcasts i have a show with my
associated with my day job called
inspired marketing and i talk with
fortune 500 marketers
and what invariably happens in nearly
all of those conversations is as
soon as i stop the recording
they feel this need to unburden
themselves
because they're recognizing i work for a
big brand
it's well known i've got a pr team
that's probably going to review this
and so they have to be really careful
about how much they share
they share but as soon as we finish
recording
they feel the need to share with me okay
here's what scott here's what i couldn't
say
publicly about what happened with that
situation and it's just
it creates this amazing emotional
connection we go
very deep and it's the most natural
transition to a sales conversation
i have ever had because in the course of
that conversation we're going to talk
about like
okay you know we talked about the
challenges that they had getting
through to the success that they had in
this in this specific project we're
maybe talking about
and then i'm going to ask about you know
what's next where do you guys go from
here what's what's on the horizon what's
the future look like
and so as as we're done recording
they're asking me wait scott so as we're
working on this next project isn't
isn't that the type of thing that you
guys work with work on and and that you
help with and
they're asking me for advice around
their business and how we can help them
it's the most again the most natural
transition there ever was
and again the odds on the front end of
me getting a meeting with the
traditional sales outreach that is
hey sam you know i want to have this
sales conversation please please please
please please meet with me
we all know how well that works versus
sam you're doing some really amazing
things i've i've seen your work i've
seen the results of some of the things
that you're doing would you be willing
to share some of your story
on this inspired marketing podcast
which one do you think it's a higher
return and and i again i
i should have done a much better job of
tracking this
but i would say that my success rate is
in the 70 to 80 percent range even on a
cold
outreach because we've done it before
right there's a body of work
out there that they can look at wow lots
of other fortune 500 brands
have been on this show this this is
relevant and credible
even though the secret is we don't have
a huge audience
it doesn't matter it's irrelevant it's
it's those individual relationships that
you're able to build
through these conversations and then
we're going to talk again
because now i'm going to reach out and
say hey sam your episode's live we're so
excited about this
here's all the things that we're doing
to promote it and it's just another
great excuse
to to further build upon that
relationship
and and before you know it we've we've
got a new partner we've got a new client
awesome dude no completely agree like i
was saying to you before
i pretty much came out of nowhere on the
podcast scene in in january we're airing
towards or
heading towards 50 episodes at the time
of recording now
and um like you say it's the easiest way
i've ever found to book a meeting i
think so far i've only had one or two
people that haven't responded to me to
to book on until exactly exactly exactly
it's the easiest way to book a meeting
and
and on that note the the request for
meetings on linkedin especially
or demo requests are just getting worse
and worse people dm'ing you just saying
hi sam how are you booked 30 minutes on
my calendar it's like what are you okay
is this a real sales pitch or yeah um i
can see them all coming a mile away now
right
it's to the point where i can see in
their
connection request note that as soon as
i accept this i'm gonna get a pitch i'm
like nope let me just ignore that it's
it's becoming
so blatantly obvious and and then you
know if if
if your style is connect and pitch right
if you make a connection ooh they
accepted my connection this is where i
go in
and i ask for that meeting remove
connection
like moving on it's it's just it's so
the wrong way it's not
it's so ineffective it's hurting it's
hurting your brand
if if you're listening to this and
you're doing that please for the love of
god stop you're killing
everything including yourself
and if you've got any advice scott for
people that perhaps aren't as keen on
setting up a podcast or perhaps are a
bit more limited on time
in terms of not necessarily channels but
ways that they can
hone in on to to generate opportunities
and sales sense
yeah and i'm so glad you brought that up
because you know a podcast is one of
those things like
blogs were 10 years ago they're a
commitment it's i think there it's
actually worse
if you start if you start a podcast and
you do 10 episodes and then you
you stop right and and a podcast and a
blog and all these
many of these different things are
things that you need to be committed to
and be consistent
around for a very long period of time so
don't overthink it set up a zoom call
and and take a snippet of that and share
it on a social channel or put it on
youtube or anything else that here's the
thing
it doesn't really matter i mean a lot of
people will say to me well scott you're
able to have these big interviews
because you already have
all you've done all of these other
interviews with with other people i'm
like
yeah but the very first person i ever
interviewed on sales success stories
was the number one account executive at
linkedin i didn't there wasn't even a
podcast
it was just an idea right there's
nothing to show him because he was the
first episode
but he said yes and i've talked to so
many people that have gone down this
path
it's nobody asks well how big is your
audience
it's a question that just doesn't get
asked it's it's probably a fair question
to be
asked i've never well maybe maybe
twice and i've done hundreds of podcast
interviews
i've been asked maybe two or three times
about my audience size and it wasn't
even part of their decision it was
usually more just out of curiosity
so forget all of that get out of your
own head don't be fearful
find a way that you can do it where it
doesn't even need to be a long-term
commitment
just like hey i'm creating this short
series
of impactful interviews with uh
thought leaders and experts in your
space and your space just happens to be
your ideal client profile
it doesn't need to be anything more than
that when i started the linkedin
sales stars thing i had this i'm like oh
you know maybe i'll reach out to
a handful of people half of them will
say yes
no all of them said yes that's why i had
36 people i think i
i think i asked 40 people 36 of them
said yes
i didn't there was there was nothing to
point to
and say well this is exactly what we're
going to do i didn't even know
until we until we got there until we
started assembling
all of all of the content all of the
tips and realized holy crud this is
this is huge there's really there's
really something here
you don't need any of that you just
start
just ask people you will be blown away
at
who will be willing to say yes to you
definitely agree
definitely agree and that's that's a
nice alternative really if you don't
want to commit to something as big as an
ongoing podcast just doing simple
interviews over zoom skype whatever it
may be asking a bunch of your ideal
customers and like you say you'll be
surprised as soon as you say look
i'm doing this show on xyz i'd love to
for you to come on share a little bit
about your story your top tips on this
it'll be no more than kind of 10 15
minutes
and i'll promote the heck out of it on
social email etc so it'll work for you
and work for us
and the response rate is like you say
through the roof so it's yeah
yeah awesome man um and before we move
on are there any other channels that we
perhaps haven't covered scott that have
been useful for any of your businesses
that you're involved in terms of a sales
or marketing perspective well we've
covered most of them now
yeah but we've we've covered most of
them and the other one that i like to
talk about that i think a lot of folks
don't
don't think about is this idea of
creating what i'll call micro
communities
right so this could be as simple as
um in traditional times and hopefully we
get back to that very soon
um hosted dinner right bring four people
together right maybe maybe you've got
two clients and two prospects and
yourself
and and just the value that you bring by
connecting those
individuals is massive or if you're in a
new space
you know you're a you're a brand new
entrepreneur this is your first time
being a ceo reach out to some other ceos
and and ask them hey what if we got
together
uh for for a short call every other week
uh just to
help each other and understand what's
going on in in our businesses like being
that catalyst being that person that
asks
is another incredible way to build those
relationships
and and what's cool here is
and the the way i started doing this is
in very early times in my career or when
i first came to austin i didn't know
anybody
i had no value to bring i'm like i'm
just
this random scot guy but the value i
could bring was bringing these people
together
and and that is extraordinarily valuable
and so just by taking that taking that
action
and being that catalyst and and bringing
it together
will allow you to develop again just a
different way
to to build some very very uh high-level
relationships that
you know aren't probably going to be
very responsive to your
hey we should meet i want to i want to
show you a demo
uh yeah don't don't do that yeah stay
clear of that
so i'm getting a theme of kind of
networking from what we've been talking
about
scott throughout building up
relationships building up an effective
network
um that then yeah means that you you
have better conversations
you're generating more brand awareness
and most importantly if you're if you're
in sales or if you're running a business
you're getting more opportunities
and more more deals for your pipeline
which is which is awesome so it covers
some great ground
so you've started a or you've got a few
businesses of your own scot you've of
course got the
um you've got the conference the sales
success summit as well
so if anyone that's thinking that's
tuning in that's thinking of starting
off on their own
or that's recently started their own
business or side hustle have you got any
tips or
golden nuggets of advice that might help
them on their first few steps
you know what what i'll share is my own
kind of experience and
and perspective and folks can kind of
take this for what it's worth
um there have been times in my past
where i've uh left a
a full-time job to go launch on on an
entrepreneurial venture um and
those have failed mostly because
it's so hard you know when when you're
starting a business
it's so resource intensive right like
you have to pour
everything into it it's a ton of time it
takes cash it doesn't give cash and so
my the mistake that i made earlier in my
entrepreneurial journey or kind of
at the midpoint right so i left adp
to go full time into into trying to
build network in austin
and it failed because i was trying to
feed my family and pay my mortgage
from the meager revenues from this
fledgling little company
and it just it just couldn't get
anywhere versus
the the approach that i'm taking now is
very patiently building sales success
media
in a way where i've got a great income
during the day
i've got a great day job and
because i don't need to take any cash
from sales success media i can reinvest
everything and i can allow it to
continue to grow
a i get to make the best decisions for
the business long
term every single time because i'm not
under
any sort of cash pressure
so that's just been my experience right
if you're in sort of that hey i'm
thinking about starting this business or
i've got this side hustle going
don't quit your day job right stay stay
in that like
have that foundation for frankly as long
as you can
especially you know in my situation i
now i think you do need to be upfront
about these things right i
am extraordinarily cognizant
of where my bread gets buttered right
okay relationship one hired me
as a full-time employee to generate
millions of dollars in new revenue for
them
every year that has to be my primary
focus right i have to deliver on all of
those commitments
before i can play with all of this other
stuff so fortunately i'm pretty damn
good at my job
and and that all works out and frankly
for me
these are really complementary right in
my last review with with my vp of sales
he was like oh my god
clearly because we've worked together
this is our third company together
so we've he's seen me over a number of
years he's like
what you're doing with sales success and
these conversations and the community
that you've built and the mentors you've
created for yourself
are are seriously making an impact in
what you're able to do
and just the quality of you as a sales
professional so it's allowed me to
continue to grow and be very very
well-rounded and have
it also allows me to be really
empathetic to the marketers that i
that i sell to all day because i do a
little bit of marketing right i
understand
what they're doing and the challenges
they're facing and what
you know ultimately what they're trying
to drive and deliver to the business
it just makes me better so my advice is
be patient like don't all in is super
is super dangerous and if you can find a
way to
to build on the side and and really show
i've got something that's real it really
has its own momentum and it's it's
generating revenue on its own
uh you're you're less likely to get
crushed and have the boulder roll back
down the hill
over top of you that's some really sound
advice scott
and especially more so that has come
from someone that's tried it himself
and uh has been very humble about what's
happened and
yeah so anyone that's tuning in that's
thinking of taking a leap make sure
you're patient make sure
you've got enough income to sustain it
or if it means staying in your day job
for longer then
that probably makes sense but yeah
everyone's different anyway scott this
has been an epic conversation
and we've covered some great ground on
sales and digital marketing
what we like to ask everyone that comes
on is if you could thank just one person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself your career
who would that be and why
the one person part of that is is the
impossible piece i mean there there
are so so many i i am
you know i i think we overthink
mentoring relationships as as well i
mean i
i really find that i am impacted by
virtually every person that i talk to
right there's something that i'll take
from that conversation that that will
help me in my thinking and my growth and
and my development you know let me just
call out
uh a more recent friend i mean we've
we've known each other now for a few
years but david weiss
uh has become just truly a core part and
pillar
of the sales success community he's uh
he's been to every one of the summits
and in fact he was he presented
at both of the first two summits um just
such a champion
for for the profession such a student
of great sales and continues to learn
and sales leadership just just a super
incredible guy
and if you go to top one dot fm forward
slash david
weiss like you can do with with any of
my guests you can find
one of his episodes there there's
there's a lot more but that's a
that's a really good jumping off point
i'm just super grateful to him and
and all that all that he's done for me
and for the community at large
awesome man well everyone you've been
tuning into sam's business growth show
where we sit down with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story how
digital marketing has helped along the
way
and exclusive tips and insights to help
you skyrocket your business
scott please do tell us a bit more about
how people can connect with you
a bit more about your businesses and the
best way to get in touch yeah
the easiest thing you can go to one
place if you go to top1.fm so top the
number one dot fm
you'll basically find everything from
there so the podcasts the summit the
books
uh my linkedin profile that's probably
the second best place to
to check things out that's that's your
that's your best starting point
and if you listen to this and and you
found some value i love to just
hear from folks don't be shy you're
welcome to email me send it send a note
to scott
top1.fm i'd love to hear from you and i
just mentioned that you heard sam and i
talk
thanks very much scott my pleasure
thanks sam are you tired of constantly
hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation by
webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts